well it's the first day of week 9 I'm
joined right now by Equifax coach and
narrow with coverage of course presented
by Omni slash talked a little bit about
the team's recovery you guys slipped a
little bit towards you know a lot of the
teams split slips in the middle of the
split you guys started to look like that
towards the end you're just one today so
maybe you can talk a little bit about
what's been going on behind the scenes
and what led to a bit of a roster mix-up
that we started a that's us in cloud 9
practice recently been pretty bad
honestly even on stage and I think both
of us just really sucked at adapting to
the patch and it really showed on our
performance on stage like generally we
would stomp teams through laning phase
and snowball off of that and we were
struggling to even get through laning
phase very well alongside that all the
top teams have been catching up with us
and they play out mid game better which
has been a weakness of heart as the
whole time so yeah stress was definitely
starting to get to just all of us as a
team so we thought it would be best this
week to reward our challenge of guys who
have actually been doing way over
expectation and Academy and just give
our guys that are just kind of stressed
out a little bit right now a chance to
relax and be reset for playoffs so they
play their best they're nice so this was
not actually born out of like a lot of
people when you see like a roster change
it's like yeah no I was gonna say the
implosion but I was gonna say a lot of
times whenever you see a roster change
people think like oh they've decided
they're bringing in these people to try
to save the day
this is a different situation you're
actually just giving these guys a break
yeah like dude Phoenix is one of the
best mid laners than in a right now but
he's been kicking ass the past like
eight weeks so like giving that guy a
breaks we can come back and do even
better it's just great and for Adrian as
well like I think time where he's been
able to play with Lawrence or ad carry
and Academy and Johnny all Tech's been
able to play with Papa Chow a bit helps
them just learn how to to be - even
better with each other because they
learned how the other 80s play and the
strengths that they can bring back to
each other off of that and I think that
type of thing is really gonna benefit us
in playoffs every time was it not a risk
to do that cuz first and second place
are not secured like a bunch of stuff
can happen here do you not feel like you
might have been risking it a little bit
by going with a roster for the first
time look very different roster that
you've played with for the past eight
weeks yeah it's definitely a risk the
most important thing for us the
his playoffs we've been locked in for
playoffs for a while and whether we get
a bye or not we still have to play
basically the same teams that actually
win na so if we have to play the best
team in the first round of it whatever
we we just have to do that so preparing
ourselves for the first week of playoffs
no matter what with this move was really
just the most important thing for us how
important is it to you for you to get
the bye because it is true that you have
to you know you still have to prove
yourself at the other day to move
forward but you kind of get that extra
week to practice get used to stuff scout
out the other teams it's obviously
really important like it's great for
information wise and just that practice
to help us out but I definitely think
that if we didn't make a move like this
we'd struggle a bit more and playoffs
coming in because we would just be too
exhausted and too stressed as a team can
you talk to me a little bit about the
backgrounds the guys that we saw on
stage today because like I for instance
Avila interviewed Papa Chow he seems
like the nicest dude ever I really like
that guy just from that interview I've
never had a chance to speak with him so
what what sort of is the background yeah
so John worked at me on Dream Team way
back in the day that was before the
whole like account ELA boosting thing
happened he got been for a little bit
he's just a cute guy man like he's so
innocent you can obviously tell from the
interview like he he doesn't have like a
mean bone in his body he's great to work
with and a Tanner over there he's been
with us since I joined he joined echo
fox last year he was a part of the whole
tin man roster experiment we did it's an
organization last split and I mean he's
just been playing in challenger for a
while he's always been pretty good but
you know na teams you haven't really
seen mid laners come up ever so I
actually feel like there's this big pool
of talented mid laners and na that have
just never gotten a chance over these
other imports and I mean you saw today
like he went out against fly there's a
team that like fly quest thought that
bringing in a Korean guy would have been
better than anyone in North America and
I don't know I think it's good for him
to be able to go out there and actually
just beat up on someone that was brought
from another country and what what do
you think his actually I've been kind of
talking to different folks in the scene
and I feel like there's a difference in
opinion on the value of Academy because
some people are just like Academy it's
like there's not very much value there
you're kind of forced like the teams are
forced to grab these players and then
they don't expect into it and there's
not much on the line
conversely like you guys were able to
bring out some guys from Academy here in
the last week so what is your take on
the state of Academy right now
I think Academy is extremely useful it
just matters how like if you actually
put work into it it's really beneficial
I before franchising and everything
started up for this split we had a
bootcamp just to bring in challenger
players that we thought might be good or
could have a chance and just gives them
an opportunity to like show off in a
land environment and that way we could
get to know them in person too and we
brought four out of five guys from that
to actually put on the team I think it's
really paid off like we didn't have a
roster in Academy that anyone was really
talking about either moving in I was
just like ah TSM cloud9 Thiele so you're
gonna be the top teams and we just kind
of silently snuck in and just beat up on
a lot of teams so I think it's really
important to actually like build up the
scene if you're talking about like what
a person's like within the team and how
that can help the team environment and
just make everyone better so when we do
internal practice it actually feels
really good in comparison to how we ran
it last split because we've got guys
that we're all like picked together
picked for specific reasons and all put
together so that they would fit well and
I think it has a huge payoff as long as
you're actually putting and work into
both do you ever look at your academy
team and say yourself you know it's not
SCARA it's not I'm a cutie pie it's not
that like if only we had the the meme
team you know back I mean we basically
have it anyways Kiran over there is
probably the best freestyler in North
America he's actually insane and they
all just joke around all the time so
it's it's kind of almost like we have
our own little stream team very good now
well one thing that is happening either
next week or the week after depending on
how things go for you so you'll be
moving away from best of one and into a
multiple game scenario how do you think
echo fox is gonna be able to deal with
that because i've always felt like a
team like TSM or cloud nine who has a
lot more experience than those longer
sets like they seemed they almost have
like an inherent advantage coming into
that stuff yeah I mean they definitely
have the experience advantage and
they're used just how that whole process
works out most of the teams were coming
in playoffs are already doing best if I
practice anyways just to get used to it
and throughout the split
I mean you practice best of three blocks
every day anyways I feel really prepared
working with Thomas and the rest of our
staff preparing try
scenarios that we can work around and I
feel like we actually adapt pretty
quickly in most scenarios I think our
only slip-up this split has been on a
patch 8.4 where we just had a mess-up on
how to really figure out what was good
but I think we'll be fine for playoffs
we'll get used to that scenario really
fast and even if we don't we'll be able
to pick up on that and use the
experience we got from this to learn for
your worlds do you think that in
playoffs we're gonna see everybody plays
very standard and safer do you think
we'll see some wonky stuff pop out
people he'll potentially saving it from
this patch I know some people will bring
up wonky stuff I know our team is
definitely gonna be one of them
our Nocturne pick was kind of just a fun
thing today I think we I think we
entered a little bit on that one but I'm
sure a lot of teams will start trying
stuff like that because there's a few
like creative picks on this patch you
can really pull off and make work
forgetting anything that you want to say
to any of the echo fox fans out there
yeah just thanks again to everyone
thanks especially it's like our team of
10 guys like who need our talk Phoenix
especially Adrian Alltech you guys are
actually just insane to work with the
whole Academy team you guys are all
great I love working with you all on the
fans that have supported us through all
of this even our past like just bad
weeks I really appreciate all the
support it helps us get through a lot
thank you so much too narrow for the
interview best of luck tomorrow and into
playoffs for everyone else you can check
out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel I know you hang out for the
habla at right I can't she's not she's
busy here all hey guys uh anime is great
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure
interviews of its all take Travis follow
omni slash and subscribe is that does
that work did that does that make you
happy